So now we'll go to API reference.
In API reference, you can, of course,
see things that you can
do with different APIs.
Because we are going to work with ChatGPT,
we are looking for Chat, not Completions.
Completions is for
using other models within OpenAI.
So within Chat,
you can see how that works.
So basically, to talk to the API,
we need to make a post
request to that endpoint.
And within the headers,
we have a header for authorization,
where we are going to send the API key.
That's how OpenAI will know who we are so
it can charge the tokens to us.
So here we can see the example in curl.
So we can copy and
paste this into the console,
we just need to paste the OpenAI key.
But also, you can click here and
select python or node.js.
And you can see the code ready for
copy and paste on Python or node.js.
Why not JavaScript client-side?
Because as I mentioned before,
it's a bad idea, but anyway,
we will try it right now.
So if we try that version, let me paste
that directly here in a text format.
I'm just going to copy and
paste the OPENAI_KEY key and
paste it here where it says, the KEY.
So I want you to see this part,
it's a JSON that
we are sending through
post to OpenAI's server.
It has some properties, for example,
we are selecting which model that we want.
3.5, that's the cheapest ChatGPT model,
it's called gpt-3.5-turbo.
That's the name.
If you want gpt-4, it's just gpt-4,
the expensive one.
Let's stay with 3.5-turbo because we
are not going to make too complex queries.
And then look at this, we need to send
messages because we are talking to chat.
messages is always an array,
and we need to pass objects
with role and content,
role content, role content.
For example, remember that within
the playground, we have a system message,
where we were explaining who you are,
or who the system is.
If we want that,
it's something that we pass in the array.
It's role system, That's the name,
and we pass a content.
And we say you are, I don't need
to close this here, like there.
You are a computer answering questions.
It's not mandatory,
right, so it's optional.
But this is just giving more context
to the model to make a better answer.
So this is role user, so
the user is saying, Hi,
do you know what to do in Minneapolis on
Saturday, Question mark?
That's the prompt, okay?
So if we copy and
paste this into a terminal,
And we got the answer.
The answer says, that is the JSON here.
In fact, let's try to get this
JSON answer into VS Code so
we can look it better, we can format it.
So this is the answer that we
receive from the OpenAI server.
It says the model that is using
is gpt-3.5-turbo version 0301.
How many tokens we use for the prompt, and
how many tokens we use for completion?
In total, 130 tokens,
it was US $2 per million.
Wow, do the math.
It is still pretty cheap,
okay, in that interaction.
And then we receive an array of choices,
where you have a message saying,
the assistant is the model.
And so we Hello, there are many things
you can do in Minneapolis on Saturday,
here are the few recommendations.
One, visit the iconic sculpture garden at
the blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
So that's the basics of
how we deal with this.
So now we need to just mix this
into our app.js folder for
the chat, because remember, so here,
it's here, we were trying to do this.
So I wanna say, Hello, send,
and I wanna see that in the UI.
So that's what I'm going to do right now.
So to do that, let's open,
we in the chat folder, the app.js file.
And there is a function, sendChat.
That is already reading the prompt
from the user in a variable, and
there is a TODO here.
So we actually need to make a query.
Remember, let's say WARNING,
we are doing this
client-side with a big security risk,
just for fun.
In fact, this is pretty good if you wanna
do an interface locally in your computer
that is playing with GPT, but
don't publish this with the key, okay?
We will do it better on the next example.
So we need to make a fetch.
So we need to create a response object
that will await for a fetch API.
The endpoint that we want, by the way,
I do have it here as well,
the fetch function, but
I'm going to do it from a scratch.
The endpoint is this one, that's the URL.
Okay, make sense?
And then we need to pass some arguments.
In fact,
I think that they were already here.
I guess just just for
the sake of doing this faster.
Don't wanna waste too much time,
too much of your time.
So that's the endpoint, and
then I need to pass an object
where we say, the method is POST.
So I want to send the POST, and
though this is the header and the body.
We don't have that data yet, we need to
create it, so we will do it in a minute.
So for the headers, if we look at this
version, it's not just the content type.
We also need to pass
Authorization: Bearer and the key.
So I need to also add that,
because if not, it's not gonna work.
So it's Authorization,
that's the name of the property.
And we can use backtick here and
use the OPENAI_KEY there
with all the warnings
that I gave you about
doing this on frontend.
Okay, make sense?
So what about the data?
I need to create that data object.
So I need to create the data object
that actually matches what we saw here.
It's not so complicated,
it's just that object, so I can copy and
paste that object.
It's the model and an array of messages.
I can pass the system message or not,
it's one system message per query, right?
And instead of, Hi,
do you know what to do in Minneapolis,
I need to take what is
coming as the prompt that
the user typed in our form control.
Okay, like so.
So we have the prompt,
and that's the array.
And then we await for the response.
And because it's a JSON response, a JSON
response needs to be parsed as JSON.
So we are going to say, response.json, and
we are going to await for that response.
Let's call that json, and let's do
a console.log to see if that works.
Does it make sense?
So we're just making the same request,
but from here.
So I'm going to open the console
to have that on hand and
say, Hi, send, and we received the answer.
So the object is there,
now we need to dig into these objects and
get into choices sub 0
dot message dot content.
That's the actual message.
So we actually need to get that,
so it was great.
The message from the, let's say,
computer from GPT is the object.
So json.choices sub 0.
Let's go again here,
choices sub 0 dot message dot content.
And now, what I need to do is
to attach that into my HTML.
So we can go quickly to HTML and
see that we have a ul, so it's an italic.
So we're going to add list items
pretty quickly to that ul.
So something that I can do is
query quickly the vanilla.js.
We will take the only ul that we have
in the page, we can add an ID or
a class name.
And we can say that we are going to
add a new li with that message.
Okay, so
we send the message like this, and
maybe something that we can do is also
add our own message before in prompt.
And because it's our own message,
let's put this into a bold HTML so
we can make a separation.
So now, here I will say,
Hi, and if you look there,
there are some nice emojis through CSS
there, hi, how can I assist you today?
Let me show you also, is it working
the way how we judge GPT clone?
We'll see.
So what if I ask a question such as,
do you know something
about frontend masters?
Let's wait, Frontend Masters is
an online learning platform,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.